Eidyzhang.Hello.GlobalWorld224C
===============================

The integration of new UIW.AD model. In the world of global creative vision. Every day almost born different profession concept; in these concepts of superpositionIn the process of produce different Design products; these products to make product and service in every corner of the world; the design community. The same as ADWord too wide;Sue after the 20** in the world. More and more worldwide plum and love; but what happened this evolution process is time of the process；Is the time change. Because I everyone a long brain Head; so we all have the right to consider; is time. The development of the times and progress.Creating a global advertising industry personnel to assemble the suddenly;  we AOOOiA informed the world. Human and the world and we need a new UIW.AD.Read mode. We constantly in the world of advertising. World Advertisment fumbled; just as humans continue to explore the human and the mystery of the universe；We experiment with different domain knowledge to interpret. We found. Advertising industry also can use biology perspective.Like human thinking pattern is sometimes called the biology knowledge. Some effects. Some thinking. Some conceptual link extension;When we found the secret when. People want innovation. To create the future mode. To find the truth; we must break the thinking restricted. To break the thinking local restriction; creative. Must cross in the past; creative future. We are the future forceTo find out the truth. To break the thinking is limited.Break thinking local restrictionCreative to cross over.Ideas are like an earth and the whole universe of distance; there is unknown to us. Not from reclaimed the truth; because. We are in use. Are the historical theory; and we will to reclaim the future belong to itCreative.Media.Advetisment.News. Internet The; Same; creative people will abandon the future; the courage to change. Courage to innovate; try; YongTo find someone has not found in the future the truth; the Internet also need to have Darwin. Copernicus. Newton. Einstein. Hilbert. Maxwell.Mendeleev. Gauss. They like Newton said. When I found out the truth. When as finding a sea seaside rock. And the global advertising industry.Media.Global creative sea countless stones and truth. Maybe have not yet been mined; the new UIW.AD concept is a new world media concept;The integration of Internet and the spread of the new concept and development pattern. We will make UIW.AD. a new cognition to better serve the whole worldEverybody.AOOOiA creative Mecca. With depth perception. In exploration. With the creation. With knowledge. For inspiration. With creativity. Creative life. Living in the creative aspects. From complex to simple;From simple to complex. There are deep into the latent. By dive deep. There are difficult. From easy to difficult; creative no longer; every hour and moment not creative.AOOOiA creativity is a kind of brand-new cognition 
